README.md, before:

<p align="center"><a href="https://portapps.io/app/molotov-portable/" target="_blank"><img width="100" src="https://github.com/portapps/molotov-portable/blob/master/res/papp.png"></a></p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://portapps.io/app/molotov-portable/#download"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/portapps/molotov-portable.svg?style=flat-square" alt="GitHub release"></a>
  <a href="https://portapps.io/app/molotov-portable/#download"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/portapps/molotov-portable/total.svg?style=flat-square" alt="Total downloads"></a>
  <a href="https://travis-ci.com/portapps/molotov-portable"><img src="https://img.shields.io/travis/com/portapps/molotov-portable/master.svg?style=flat-square" alt="Build Status"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/portapps/portapps"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/portapps-1.23.0-479fdb.svg?style=flat-square" alt="Portapps version"></a>
  <a href="https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/portapps/molotov-portable"><img src="https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/portapps/molotov-portable?style=flat-square" alt="Go Report"></a>
  <a href="https://www.codacy.com/app/portapps/molotov-portable"><img src="https://img.shields.io/codacy/grade/5b76d80c1ddc425282c8ceb65e532dbd.svg?style=flat-square" alt="Code Quality"></a>
  <a href="https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=WQD7AQGPDEPSG"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/donate-paypal-7057ff.svg?style=flat-square" alt="Donate Paypal"></a>
</p>

## About

[Molotov](https://www.molotov.tv/) portable app made with 🚀 [Portapps](https://portapps.io).<br />
Documentation and downloads can be found on https://portapps.io/app/molotov-portable/

## How can I help ?

All kinds of contributions are welcome :raised_hands:!<br />
The most basic way to show your support is to star :star2: the project, or to raise issues :speech_balloon:<br />
But we're not gonna lie to each other, I'd rather you buy me a beer or two :beers:!

[![Paypal Donate](https://portapps.io/img/paypal-donate.png)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=WQD7AQGPDEPSG)

## License

MIT. See `LICENSE` for more details.<br />
Rocket icon credit to [Squid Ink](http://thesquid.ink).

Commit message:

Add Notice of Non-Affiliation and Disclaimer

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><a href="https://portapps.io/app/molotov-portable/" target="_blank"><img width="100" src="https://github.com/portapps/molotov-portable/blob/master/res/papp.png"></a></p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://portapps.io/app/molotov-portable/#download"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/portapps/molotov-portable.svg?style=flat-square" alt="GitHub release"></a>
  <a href="https://portapps.io/app/molotov-portable/#download"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/portapps/molotov-portable/total.svg?style=flat-square" alt="Total downloads"></a>
  <a href="https://travis-ci.com/portapps/molotov-portable"><img src="https://img.shields.io/travis/com/portapps/molotov-portable/master.svg?style=flat-square" alt="Build Status"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/portapps/portapps"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/portapps-1.23.0-479fdb.svg?style=flat-square" alt="Portapps version"></a>
  <a href="https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/portapps/molotov-portable"><img src="https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/portapps/molotov-portable?style=flat-square" alt="Go Report"></a>
  <a href="https://www.codacy.com/app/portapps/molotov-portable"><img src="https://img.shields.io/codacy/grade/5b76d80c1ddc425282c8ceb65e532dbd.svg?style=flat-square" alt="Code Quality"></a>
  <a href="https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=WQD7AQGPDEPSG"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/donate-paypal-7057ff.svg?style=flat-square" alt="Donate Paypal"></a>
</p>

## Notice of Non-Affiliation and Disclaimer

Portapps is not affiliated, associated, authorized, endorsed by, or in any way officially connected with Molotov, or any of its subsidiaries or its affiliates. The official Molotov website can be found at https://www.molotov.tv/.

The name Molotov® as well as related names, marks, emblems and images are registered trademarks of their respective owners.

## About

Molotov portable app made with 🚀 [Portapps](https://portapps.io).<br />
Documentation and downloads can be found on https://portapps.io/app/molotov-portable/

## How can I help ?

All kinds of contributions are welcome :raised_hands:!<br />
The most basic way to show your support is to star :star2: the project, or to raise issues :speech_balloon:<br />
But we're not gonna lie to each other, I'd rather you buy me a beer or two :beers:!

[![Paypal Donate](https://portapps.io/img/paypal-donate.png)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=WQD7AQGPDEPSG)

## License

MIT. See `LICENSE` for more details.<br />
Rocket icon credit to [Squid Ink](http://thesquid.ink).
